Allow setting merge method through labels (#92)
pascalgn/automerge-action: README.md

  or [`squash`](https://help.github.com/en/articles/about-pull-request-merges#squash-and-merge-your-pull-request-commits)
  (squash all commits into a single commit). The default option is `merge`.

> - `MERGE_METHOD_LABELS`: Set to allow labels to determine the merge method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `MERGE_METHOD_LABELS`: Set to allow labels to determine the merge method
  (see `MERGE_METHOD` for possible values).
```

>   For example, `automerge=merge,autosquash=squash,autorebase=rebase`.
> 
>   If no such label is present, use `MERGE_METHOD`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For example, `automerge=merge,autosquash=squash`. If no such label is present, use
  the value from `MERGE_METHOD`.

  The default value is `""`.
```
